Add change management section to regulatory docs (#2833)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/guidelines/regulatory/overview.md

#### Change Management

In software development, change management refers to the process of tracking and controlling modifications to code and documentation throughout the _software development lifecycle_, ensuring transparency, accountability, and risk mitigation. In regulated bioinformatics environments, change management practices are essential for maintaining compliance, and reproducibility. Within nf-core pipelines, change management is structured as follows:

- Requests for changes, bug reports, and enhancement suggestions can be submitted by any user or community member, ensuring transparent and open community-driven improvement.
- Each pipeline and module follows a Pull Request (PR) template checklist, which helps contributors meet minimum submission requirements.
- Proposed changes must include system and unit tests, which are automatically validated through the continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) framework, reducing manual testing overhead.

> - Changes to development branches require peer review, with each PR needing at least one review before merging into dev branches and at least two reviews before merging into main/master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes to development branches require peer review, with each PR needing at least one review before merging into dev branches and at least two reviews before merging into the _main_ branch.
```

- Automated tests are triggered on each PR to confirm that existing functionality remains unaffected.
- Automated linting checks are performed on each PR, enforcing coding standards and preventing stylistic issues.

> - Direct changes to the master branch are not permitted, protecting the integrity of the production-ready code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Direct changes to the main branch are not permitted, protecting the integrity of the production-ready code.
```
